1. If an arithmetic operator have a floating-point and an Integer operand, then the Integer will be converted to floating-point before the operation 	is done.
2. Actually the printf and scanf, other input or output included, is not defined by C programming Language. It's only the standard libary.
3. You can use the %% in the printf method to show the % in a string. You can't use the '\', or "'" to print the '%'.
4. Even you use the float type to receive the value of a expression or formula, you should keep care of making the essential integer value float one.
5. The choice of the for-loop and the while-loop is arbitrary, based on while is clearer.
6. You should use the symbolic constants to define the "magic numbers" which is not quite clear for the reader. You should define the symbolic     	constants in upper case.
7. Calls the putchar and printf may be interleave.( You should keep more care of this tips.)	
	this probably because the c standard lib do not support the getch() which is in conio.h 
8. When you receive a char from the command line, you should use the int type to receive the data not a char because the user inputs may be beyond 	the range of char value(-128 ~ 128);
9. EOF is an integer defined in the stdio.h, but the specific numberic value is not matter as long as it's not the same as any char value.
	The Value of EOF is -1, why? getchar return -1 if the input is not a char value.
10. You should keep good habit with centralize the code.
11. Keep care of using = and ==
12. A character writter between single quotes is a character constant.
13. The standard library ensures that an input text stream appears as a sequence of lines, each terminated by a newline.
14. You should try to make your program more readable.
15. The switch statement is suitable when the condition is whether some integers and characters expression match one of a set of constants.
16. You can't use the sizeof() to get the length of the array. sizeof() is used to get the size of the memory.
17. Chater one contains an important lib for drawing the histogram, you can build it into a library and you can reuse it when needed.
18. In C programs, you can have a diffrent declaration from the achievement.
19. Find the diffences between the params and the arguments.
20. It's an error if any use of the function or the defination of the function do not agree with it's prototype.parameter names need not agree.
	indeed parameter names are optional in a function prototype.
21. In C, all function argument is passed by "value".
22. When the array passed to the function as an argument, the value is the location or address of the beginning of the array.
23. Integer is the default return type.You can ignore it. You will get an warning when ignore the return type.
24. In C program, the string array is terminated by the '\0'.
25. Thinking why it should move to new line when I type enter, the '\n' are still in the input stream.
26. The external variable must be defined, exactly once, outside of any function.The variable must alse be declared in each function that wants to 	access it.
27. Before a function can use the external varible, the name of the variable must be known to the function, using extern keyword.
28. If the defination of an external varaible occures in the source file before its use in a particular function, then there is no need for an extern 		declaration in the function.
29. If the program is in several source files, and a variable is defined in file1 and used in file2 and file3, then extern declarations are needed in 		file2 and file3 to connect the occurrences of the variable.
30. Be care of the defination and declaration when using extern keyword in C programming."Defination" is referred to the place where the variable is  
	created and assigned storage."Declaration" refers to the place where the nature of the variable is stated but no storage is allocated.
31. 
	
