 Chapter 3

1. variable can be declared inside any block.
2. the else is associated with the cloest previous else-less if.
3. you should avoid using more test in the loop because it will cause long time delay.
4. the break statement cause an immediately exit from the switch.
5. break and return are the most comment ways to leave a switch.
6. a break is used to exit from any loops.
7. as a matter of good form, put a break statement at the end of last case.
8. keep care if using switch, it will automatic falling through, but the label is never the same, so you can not using them to do command step by step
9. if the test expression in for-loop is not present, it's taken as permanently true.
10. operator comma ',' is often used in the for statement, a pair of expressions seperated by a comma is evaluated left to right. and the type and 
	value of the result are the type and value of the right operand.
11. the comma that seperate function arguments, variables in declarations, etc, are not comma operators, and do not guarantee left to right, 
	evaluation.
12. you should know more about the isalpha function in ctype.h, this test the letter.
13. the do-while loop tests at the bottom after each pass through the loop body. the loop body is alway executed at least once.
14. an intresting thing, you can never use the -n to make the largest negative number positive.(exercise-3-4)
15. the continue statement only apply to loops not switch.
16. the break statement only breaks from the inner most loop.
17. here you can use goto to jump out serveral loops.
18. go to should be used rarely, if at all.
19. if the function is defined and declared inconsistently in the same source file, the error would be detected, but if not in the same source file, 
	the error would not be detected.
20. if the function take no arguments, use void.
21. if the function has no prototype, a function is explicitly declared by its first appearance in an expression.
22. here if you do not need to using the function every where, you can just declare a function inside another function.
23. external varaibles are defined outside of any function, thus available for many functions.
24. function themselves are always external.
25. if a function has many arguments, you'd batter use external variables.
26. remember that do not write code rely on the order.
27. The e format is used only when the exponent of the value is less than –4 or greater than or equal to the precision argument.
28. %g will choose exponent notation or fixed point automatically.
29. when you write the makefile you should keep care of write the souce file sequence.you should often arrage them properly.
30. 
